profile/README.md, before:

# About
This is the Capstone project about Apple Vision Pro for the University of Alabama CS495 class. Our project is about creating a visionOS app which allows users to upload or capture an image from Apple Vision Pro and send it to AWS Lambda server where Hugging Face models will be applied to detect objects in an image. 

## Repositories
You will find 3 repositories for this project. 
* apple-vision-pro-main: This repository contains the Swift code for the visionOS app called Discover.
* data-processing-main: This repository includes the Python code for processing data on AWS Lambda server using Hugging Face models.
* project-website: This repository has the code for our project website.

### Team members
* **Raudel Armenta**: I'm Ray and I'm an undergraduate student at UA majoring in Computer Science. I will be graduating in May of 2025 and plan on pursuing a career in software development and I create personal apps on my free time. I can be contacted at rarmenta@crimson.ua.edu

* **Trang Do**: I am an undergraduate student majoring in Computer Science. I will be graduating in May 2025. I can be contacted at ttdo@crimson.ua.edu

* **Donavan Kholer**: Hello, my name is Donovan Kohler and I'm a Senior Computer Science major in the AMP program from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. I'm interested in software reverse engineering and I'm excited to explore human robot collaboration and the applications of machine learning. I can be contacted at dpkohler@crimson.ua.edu

* **Sam Kwon**: I am a senior studying Computer Science. I will be graduating this semester with a bachelor's degree.

* **Antohony Ruterford**: I am a senior perusing a degree in Computer Science as well as Mathematics. My interests including Software Engineering as well as Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence. One topic I’m really interested in right now is the development of an AI where you can see its thought process. I can be contacted at adrutherford@crimson.ua.edu

Commit message:

Update README to include project website.md

profile/README.md, after:

# About
This is the Capstone project about Apple Vision Pro for the University of Alabama CS495 class. Our project is about creating a visionOS app which allows users to upload or capture an image from Apple Vision Pro and send it to AWS Lambda server where Hugging Face models will be applied to detect objects in an image. You can find the project website [here](https://apple-vision-pro-ua-cs495.github.io/project-website/).

## Repositories
You will find 3 repositories for this project. 
* apple-vision-pro-main: This repository contains the Swift code for the visionOS app called Discover.
* data-processing-main: This repository includes the Python code for processing data on AWS Lambda server using Hugging Face models.
* project-website: This repository has the code for our project website.

### Team members
* **Raudel Armenta**: I'm Ray and I'm an undergraduate student at UA majoring in Computer Science. I will be graduating in May of 2025 and plan on pursuing a career in software development and I create personal apps on my free time. I can be contacted at rarmenta@crimson.ua.edu

* **Trang Do**: I am an undergraduate student majoring in Computer Science. I will be graduating in May 2025. I can be contacted at ttdo@crimson.ua.edu

* **Donavan Kholer**: Hello, my name is Donovan Kohler and I'm a Senior Computer Science major in the AMP program from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. I'm interested in software reverse engineering and I'm excited to explore human robot collaboration and the applications of machine learning. I can be contacted at dpkohler@crimson.ua.edu

* **Sam Kwon**: I am a senior studying Computer Science. I will be graduating this semester with a bachelor's degree.

* **Antohony Ruterford**: I am a senior perusing a degree in Computer Science as well as Mathematics. My interests including Software Engineering as well as Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence. One topic I’m really interested in right now is the development of an AI where you can see its thought process. I can be contacted at adrutherford@crimson.ua.edu
